Added info about FEC in opus encoder. (#164)
software-mansion-labs/smelter-website: src/content/docs/http-api/outputs/rtp.mdx

- **Default value**: `48000`
- **Supported values**: `8000`, `16000`, `24000`, `48000`

---

#### forward_error_correction
Configures whether the encoder includes forward error correction frames in audio chunks. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)
and [4.2.5](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-4.2.5)

- **Type**: `bool`
- **Default value**: `false`

---

#### expected_packet_loss

> Expected packet loss percentage. When forward error correction is enabled this value should be greater than 0. Higher values trigger more loss resistant behavior at the expense of quality.

Author: It also does "something" even if FEC is disabled according to [this] (https://wiki.xiph.org/OpusFAQ#Forward_Error_correction_(FEC)_doesn't_appear_to_do_anything!_HELP!).
Furthermore, I think we should mention that increasing this value decreases quality when there is no packet loss.

> Expected packet loss percentage. When forward error correction is enabled this value should be greater than 0. Higher values trigger more loss resistant behavior at the expense of quality.

Reviewer: If that is true then sure, but are you sure that it is always at the cost of quality and not bitrate?

> Expected packet loss percentage. When forward error correction is enabled this value should be greater than 0. Higher values trigger more loss resistant behavior at the expense of quality.

Author: ```suggestion
Expected packet loss expressed as a percentage. This value controls how much redundant data is added to counteract packet loss at the expense of quality.
```

My suggestion

- **Type**: `u32`
- **Default value**: `0`

> - **Supported values**: `[0, 100]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Supported values**: `0-100`
```
`[0, 100]` is not obvious that that it refers to range

- **Default value**: `48000`
- **Supported values**: `8000`, `16000`, `24000`, `48000`

---

#### forward_error_correction

> Configures whether the stream uses forward error correction. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)

Author: ```suggestion
Configures whether the encoder includes forward error correction bits in audio chunk. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)
```

> Configures whether the encoder includes forward error correction bits in audio chunk. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)

Author: ```suggestion
Configures whether the encoder includes forward error correction frames in audio chunks. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)
```
